[FLINK-36761][docs] Add document about how to use SQL Gateway and SQL Client to deploy script (#25784)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/sql-gateway/overview.md

$ curl --request GET ${nextResultUri}
```

> ### Deploy Script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying a Script
```

SQL Gateway supports deploying a script in [Application Mode]({{< ref "docs/deployment/overview" >}}). In application mode, [JobManager]({{< ref "docs/concepts/flink-architecture" >}}#jobmanager) is responsible for compiling the script.
If you want to use custom resources in the script, e.g. Kafka Source, please use [ADD JAR]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sql/jar">}}) command to download the [required artifacts]({{< ref "docs/dev/configuration/connector" >}}#available-artifacts). 

> Here is an example to deploy a script to Flink a native K8S Cluster with cluster id `CLUSTER_ID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example for deploying a script to a Flink native K8S Cluster with cluster id `CLUSTER_ID`.
```
